Feature/string operations (#5)
ing-bank/ingenious-doc: docs/additionalfeatures.md

    This function will get the length of the string.

    === "Input Parameters"

        **Input Format**: Single string value, (i.e. *`"string_value"`*)

        | Parameter | Description |
        |-----------|-------------|
        | `string_value` | string value to get length |

    === "Usage"

        | ObjectName | Action | Input        | Condition |Reference|  |
        |------------|--------|--------------|-----------|---------|--|
        | String Operations | *GetLength* | "Hello, World!" | %variableName% | |<span style="color:Green"><< *Hardcoded Input*</span> 
        | String Operations | *GetLength* | {Sheet:Column} | %variableName% | |<span style="color:Blue"><< *Input from Datasheet*</span>
        | String Operations | *GetLength* | %dynamicVar% | %variableName% | |<span style="color:Brown"><< *Input from variable*</span>
    
    === "Examples"

        **Sample Test Case:**

        ![GetLength Examples](../img/stringoperations/GetLength-1.png "examples")

        **Sample Report:**

        ![GetLength Examples](../img/stringoperations/GetLength-2.png "report")

     -----------------------------------------------------
    ### **GetOccurence**

>     This function will get the number od occurrences of the searched character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This function returns the number of occurrences of the searched character.
```

Author: as discussed from previews comments, getOccurence is for character search instead of string.

Other solution, we can use search_character instead of string to align description and Input params

Author: I applied some of the suggested

    ### **GetOccurence**

    This function returns the number of occurrences of the searched character.

    === "Input Parameters"

        **Input Format**: Comma separated string, (i.e. *`"target_string"`,`"search_character"`*)

        | Parameter | Description |
        |-----------|-------------|
        | `target_string` | target string value to search|
        | `search_character` | character value to search from the target string |

>     This function will get the number od occurrences of the searched character.

Author: updated
